of Habakkuk the Prophet on Shiggy on
of Habakkuk the Prophet on Shiggy on earth Oh Lord I have heard your speech
earth Oh Lord I have heard your speech
earth Oh Lord I have heard your speech and was afraid Oh Lord revive your work
and was afraid Oh Lord revive your work
and was afraid Oh Lord revive your work in the midst of the years and the midst
in the midst of the years and the midst
in the midst of the years and the midst of the years make it known in Wrath
of the years make it known in Wrath
of the years make it known in Wrath remember mercy God came from Tina the
remember mercy God came from Tina the
remember mercy God came from Tina the Holy One from mount Paran his glory
Holy One from mount Paran his glory
Holy One from mount Paran his glory covered the heavens and the earth was
covered the heavens and the earth was
covered the heavens and the earth was full of his praise his brightness was
full of his praise his brightness was
full of his praise his brightness was like the light he had raised flashing
like the light he had raised flashing
like the light he had raised flashing from his hand and there his power was
from his hand and there his power was
from his hand and there his power was hidden before him with pestilence and
hidden before him with pestilence and
hidden before him with pestilence and fever followed at his feet he stood and
fever followed at his feet he stood and
fever followed at his feet he stood and measured the earth he looked and
measured the earth he looked and
measured the earth he looked and startled the nations and everlasting
startled the nations and everlasting
startled the nations and everlasting mountains were scattered the perpetual
mountains were scattered the perpetual
mountains were scattered the perpetual heroes vow his ways are ever lasting I
heroes vow his ways are ever lasting I
heroes vow his ways are ever lasting I saw the tents of cushioned and
saw the tents of cushioned and
saw the tents of cushioned and affliction the curtains of a land of
affliction the curtains of a land of
affliction the curtains of a land of Midian tremble Oh Lord were you
Midian tremble Oh Lord were you
Midian tremble Oh Lord were you displeased with the rivers was your
displeased with the rivers was your
displeased with the rivers was your anger against the rivers was your wrath
anger against the rivers was your wrath
anger against the rivers was your wrath against the sea that you rode on your
against the sea that you rode on your
against the sea that you rode on your horses your chariots our salvation
horses your chariots our salvation
horses your chariots our salvation your bow was made quite ready olds were
your bow was made quite ready olds were
your bow was made quite ready olds were sworn over your arrows you divided the
sworn over your arrows you divided the
sworn over your arrows you divided the earth with rivers the mountain saw you
earth with rivers the mountain saw you
earth with rivers the mountain saw you and trembled the overflowing of the
and trembled the overflowing of the
and trembled the overflowing of the water passed by the deep uttered its
water passed by the deep uttered its
water passed by the deep uttered its voice and lifted its hands on high the
voice and lifted its hands on high the
voice and lifted its hands on high the Sun and Moon stood still in their
Sun and Moon stood still in their
Sun and Moon stood still in their habitation at the light of your arrows
habitation at the light of your arrows
habitation at the light of your arrows they went at the shining of your
they went at the shining of your
they went at the shining of your glittering spear you march through the
glittering spear you march through the
glittering spear you march through the land and indignation you trampled the
land and indignation you trampled the
land and indignation you trampled the nations in anger you went forth for the
nations in anger you went forth for the
nations in anger you went forth for the salvation of your people for salvation
salvation of your people for salvation
salvation of your people for salvation with your anointed you struck the head
with your anointed you struck the head
with your anointed you struck the head from the house of the wicked by laying
from the house of the wicked by laying
from the house of the wicked by laying bare from foundation to neck you thrust
bare from foundation to neck you thrust
bare from foundation to neck you thrust through with his own arrows the head of
through with his own arrows the head of
through with his own arrows the head of his villages they came out like a
his villages they came out like a
his villages they came out like a whirlwind to scatter me they're
whirlwind to scatter me they're
whirlwind to scatter me they're rejoicing was like feasting on the poor
rejoicing was like feasting on the poor
rejoicing was like feasting on the poor in secret you walked through the sea
in secret you walked through the sea
in secret you walked through the sea with your horses through the heap of
with your horses through the heap of
with your horses through the heap of great waters when I heard my body
great waters when I heard my body
great waters when I heard my body trembled my lips quivered at the voice
trembled my lips quivered at the voice
trembled my lips quivered at the voice rottenness entered my bones and I
rottenness entered my bones and I
rottenness entered my bones and I trembled in myself that I might rest in
trembled in myself that I might rest in
trembled in myself that I might rest in the day of trouble when it comes up to
the day of trouble when it comes up to
the day of trouble when it comes up to the people he will invade them with his
the people he will invade them with his
the people he will invade them with his troops though the fig tree may not
troops though the fig tree may not
troops though the fig tree may not blossom nor fruit be on the vines though
blossom nor fruit be on the vines though
blossom nor fruit be on the vines though the labor of olives may fail in the
the labor of olives may fail in the
the labor of olives may fail in the fields you'll know food though the flock
fields you'll know food though the flock
fields you'll know food though the flock may be cut off from the fold and there
may be cut off from the fold and there
may be cut off from the fold and there be no herd in the stalls yet I will
be no herd in the stalls yet I will
be no herd in the stalls yet I will rejoice in the Lord I will joy in the
rejoice in the Lord I will joy in the
rejoice in the Lord I will joy in the God of my salvation the Lord God is my
God of my salvation the Lord God is my
God of my salvation the Lord God is my strength he will make my feet like deers
strength he will make my feet like deers
strength he will make my feet like deers feet and he will make me walk on my high
feet and he will make me walk on my high
feet and he will make me walk on my high hills
hills
hills to the chief musician with my streamed
to the chief musician with my streamed
to the chief musician with my streamed instruments